Check it out
Emperor
all back
The son has seen the father
Maybe.
All you do
It's all for the crown prince
It seems that the new authenticity
Already have an eye
You smile back
The authenticity of the letter has come out
Yours is real
But I'm really curious
Where did I get my courage?
Dare to write this letter to my beloved concubine
I still want him to poison me back
And I don't know
But Concubine Ji Gui brought food from her father's bedroom
Never have to read and try
Seven small families poisoned by Concubine Ji Gui
One said agree
Anyway
Concubine Ji Gui
It is no longer suitable to continue to take care of the father by his side
Ye Xuan
You are really my good son
You deserve the crown prince
Emperor
But I don't believe it
My wife has been with me for more than 20 years
Never hurt my heart
Even if I don't believe it
The son knows
The father and the concubine were regarded as childhood sweethearts
The father believed that he was right
But the record
Does Father also believe?